once it was a place of healing and
Sanctuary now Gaza City's alifa hospital
is nothing more than
ruins many Palestinians have come here
to see for themselves what little
remains a medical facility serving
civilians is totally destroyed flattened
to the ground it was the central
hospital for Gaza all the hospitals
departments were destroyed including
Laboratories Radiology units many dead
bodies have also been
this is what alifa looked like before
the war and as Israel bombed the strip
thousands took Refuge
here but Israeli forces have laid Siege
to the hospital for the past 2 weeks
buildings were burned and the courtyard
was
bulldozed when they withdrew they left
behind a trail of bodies across the
compound gaza's Health Ministry says
hundreds were killed in Israeli raids
and many patients died because they were
deprived of Medical Care now the
vulnerable are being taken elsewhere
it's not the first time they've been
forced to move but as Israel's war on
Gaza continues to expand they may find
that nowhere is safe Vinton Monahan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer